SOURCE: https://www.sse.com/news-and-views/2026/07/sse-has-published-its-q1-trading-statement/
FETCHED: 2026-10-03

 SSE's Q1 Trading Statement | SSE Home About us About us Our businesses 
 SSE Renewables SSE Thermal SSEN Transmission SSEN Distribution SSE Energy Solutions SSE Airtricity SSE Energy Markets Leadership and Governance 
 Meet the Board Meet the GEC Our heritage 
 Our culture 
 Inclusion and diversity 
 Inclusion and diversity timeline Accessible and inclusive workplace UK Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap Report 2026 Gender and ethnicity action plan Our campaigns 
 UK campaign Ireland campaign Powering secure, affordable energy SSE's social channels 
 Our technologies Our technologies Offshore wind 
 Onshore wind 
 Hydro 
 Solar 
 Battery storage 
 Thermal 
 Carbon capture and storage 
 Hydrogen 
 Transmission networks 
 Distribution networks 
 Investors Investors Annual Report 2026 
 The SSE investment case 
 Analysts Reports and results 
 Annual General Meeting 2026 
 Annual General Meeting 2025 Annual General Meeting 2024 Annual General Meeting 2023 Annual General Meeting 2022 Annual General Meeting 2021 Regulatory news 
 Regulatory news alerts Policy on market speculation Financial calendar 
 Shareholder services 
 Share dealing Ecommunications programme Shareholder contacts Share price information Dividends and Scrip scheme Multiple share accounts Share repurchase programme Useful information Investor scam warnings Shareholder tracing programme Debt investors 
 Credit rating Sustainability Financing Framework EMTN programme ADRs 
 November 2025 Equity Placing 
 Sustainability Sustainability Powering the net zero transition 
 People and communities 
 Partnerships 
 Reporting and performance 
 Environment 
 Policies and assurances 
 Innovation 
 News and views News and views Media contacts 
 Media bank 
 Careers Careers Life at SSE 
 Developing our People Flexible Working Employee benefits Join our Team 
 Engineering and Technical IT and Digital Corporate Inclusion 
 Early Careers 
 Apprenticeships and Trainees Graduate Development Progression Stories Contact Recruitment 
 Open search form Type search here Clear search 
 Close search form Open search form Search SSE Search for Submit search 
 Back to overview Q1 Trading Statement
 16 Jul 2026 
 This Trading Statement reiterates the financial outlook provided in our full-year results statement on 28 May 2026 and provides a performance update for Q1 ahead of today’s Annual General Meeting. Continued acceleration of networks investment, up 83% year-on-year Significant increase in renewables output, up 31% year-on-year reflecting favourable weather and capacity additions Reiterating adjusted Earnings Per Share guidance of between 168 – 193p for 2026/27 and between 225 – 250p for 2029/30 
 This statement reiterates the financial outlook as provided in SSE’s Full-year Results Statement on 21 May 2025, and provides operational performance data ahead of today’s Annual General Meeting. Trading Update
 The regulated networks businesses have delivered an 83% increase in investment compared to the first quarter of last year as strategic delivery continues to accelerate. A total of £0.9bn was invested 1 in networks with construction progressing on the major ASTI and LOTI projects in Transmission, with Distribution investment also increasing ahead of submission of its ED3 business plan in December. Over the first three months, generation output from SSE Renewables was 31% higher year-on-year, reflecting more favourable weather conditions and the continued increase in capacity. The financial expectations set out in May 2026 remain unchanged and, as usual, continue to be subject to weather, market conditions and plant availability, with the key winter months still to come. 1 adjusted investment is net of SSEN Transmission 25% minority interest. 
 Strategic Progress
 Clear progress is being made in delivering the five-year, £33bn investment plan, and we are on track to invest a record £5bn this year given recent milestones and notable developments including: Construction commenced on the Netherton Hub near Peterhead, which will include a 400kV substation, a 132kV substation, and HVDC converter stations to support the Spittal to Peterhead, Eastern Green Link 3 (EGL3) and Eastern Green Link 5 (EGL5) subsea projects. Early preparatory work on the Western Isles HVDC link has begun, ahead of main construction commencing later this year. Work is progressing strongly at Dogger Bank B with 30 turbines installed with the run-rate of installation significantly exceeding that achieved on the first phase. Commissioning work continues on Dogger Bank A in line with expectations. Construction commenced on Platin power station in Ireland, an 180MW Open Cycle Gas Turbine which will be capable of running on natural gas or sustainable biofuels. The plant is due to become operational in 2028 and is backed by 10-year Capacity Market agreements. NESO’s Beyond 2030 Update Report identified over £12bn of additional potential investment for SSEN Transmission, taking new identified Future Uncertainty Mechanism spend to more than £17bn, subject to regulatory and planning approvals. This reinforces the significant long-term growth opportunity across the transmission business. Ofgem published its Sector Specific Methodology Decision (SSMD) for the RIIO-ED3 regulatory period, which highlighted the need for substantial electrification and investment over the period. Coire Glas was included in Ofgem’s LDES ‘minded-to’ list for cap and floor investment support. We will now engage fully with Ofgem to work through a significant number of points of detail which will need to be resolved for the project to progress, in line with our continued focus on capital discipline and with strict adherence to our return thresholds. Significant progress has been made on diversifying sources of funding. During the quarter we raised £1.1bn of hybrid debt at an average cost of 4.6% and average tenor of 6.6 years and £1.3bn of new senior debt with an average cost of 5.1% and average tenor of 8.7 years. Directorate change 
 The Board of SSE plc is also pleased to announce the appointment of a new independent non-Executive Director, John Pettigrew, who will join the Board on 1 December 2026. John brings significant multinational blue-chip leadership experience with strategic, operational and regulatory expertise gained through an executive career spanning over 30 years at National Grid plc. Barry O’Regan, Chief Financial Officer, said: “Since announcing our £33bn investment programme to unlock the enormous growth opportunity of UK electricity networks, we are continuing to see real progress as we work to deliver the plan, and in doing so we are underpinning compounding, long-term earnings growth and creating significant value for investors. “Recent momentum has given increased visibility over the delivery of our 2030s pipeline as the system operator’s strategic plans begin to crystalise and further transmission projects emerge. We remain confident in sustained momentum behind a homegrown energy system that will deliver secure, more affordable electricity, support economic growth and create significant long-term investment opportunities across our businesses.” Read the full Q1 2027 trading statement from SSE. 
 Back to top. About us Overview Our businesses Leadership and Governance Our heritage Contact us 
 Sustainability Overview Targeting net zero Modern Slavery Statement News and views Overview Media Contacts Media bank 
 Careers Overview Life at SSE Specialisms Inclusion Early Careers Thinking of applying? 
 Back to top Copyright © SSE plc 2026. All rights reserved. Contact us Privacy notice Cookie notice Company details Potential suppliers Sitemap Sustainability SSE Thermal REMIT SSE Renewables REMIT Cookie settings 
 